(webdriverio): Add case insensitive text match feature #4951 (#11358)
webdriverio/webdriverio: website/docs/Selectors.md

## Element with certain text

> The same technique can be applied to elements as well. Additionally, we also allow case-insensitive matching with `.=` or `.*=` query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The same technique can be applied to elements as well. Additionally, it is also possible to do a case-insensitive matching using `.=` or `.*=` within the query.
```
